Arduino uses a variant of the C programming language.
What differences and similarities have you noticed? Provide at least 3 and explain in complete sentences.
1. Loop syntax is the same. you write while(argument){commands}
2. Same commenting, they both use //.
3. Same datatypes, char, int, etc.

What code adaptations have you made? [Or will you make if none to date. Note: 'none' is not a valid answer]
We have made a row of lights light up and then turn off in a row, so it looks like the light is running down the row. We have also changed some variables to see how 
the output qould be affected.

What is required for a circuit?
A power source, conduit for the energy between the two poles, and a resistor/object to use the current.

How are programs compiled with Arduino?
The IDE compiles the sketch and uploads the code into the Arduino's memory.

Describe the projects you have completed this/last week and what you have learned from them. Descriptions should be _at least_ one full paragraph in length.
We have completed the projects from one through eleven. We first created simple circuits consisting of lighting up LED's, sometimes including a potentiometer, 
or using an RGB LED, or a series of LED's. We then learned how to accept input from the user in the form of a button press, and transition it to output, such as
lighting up an LED. We then added a photo resistor to take the place of a pot, so that the light of the bulb varied based on the ambient light in the room.
Next, we learned how to view the data collected by a temperature sensor in the GUI. Afterwards, we learned how to power a servo, and control the rotation with 
a flex sensor. We then learned how to use a soft potentiometer as input to vary voltage, and change the color of an RGB bulb. Finally, we learned how to power a
buzzer.

You will be completing your own project - a project of your own design that accepts user input and provides light and sound in some way.
Describe your project and the code adaptations you will have to make. [Note - 'none' is not a valid answer. For example, there is a 'Simon' 
game provided - using that code would earn a '0' because it is 0% your code.]
We will use the display or LED's with a rotating color, and the player will have to press the button when the light is in the center. If they are wrong, then a 
buzzer sound plays, if they are right, a higher sound is played.
